I think it's right has left me this
pretty new good let's make a
part of what fucking shit sits
soul debates that dark interest that have
left all podium
I told him that they did not put birds if
quiet quiet sir
fuck what a damn scare
He says this fuck did not have enough
carefully, the gentleman betrays me
a geri point do not fuck with me
two
watch out
tell me that at least you know where
we go
Mr. Davis the last of the we
right opposite is that we are and
be cleaned starting heads
I think I liked damn
for me that fucking guns and the debate and
front understands now asshole work is
cobra has remained lower than
I play mine who did not die me
cobra is said
he had seen
wait for me
I do not have a fucking idea, sir.
I get it
it's not going to be fast fast fast fast
with that fucking trash
that is covered in getting killed
to all
I spent urging the shit shit
to the message to get
fuck shit crap but let's go
admonished thanks
in our base
and let's do now
do not
or not
what he said